[Known Issue] Please add docs for a known issue where users unable to create/edit/delete filters while creating/editing security rules (#4930)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/8.12.asciidoc

[[release-notes-8.12.2]]
=== 8.12.2

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.12.2]]
==== Known issues
// tag::known-issue-178207[]
[discrete]

> .Rule filters can't be adjusted for certain rule types that are using data views  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Rule filters can't be adjusted for rules that are using data views  
```
Suggested update only because I don't think the rule _type_ is what matters, but more that the rule is using data views as it's source.

Author: Applying @e40pud's feedback from Slack:

 ```suggestion
.Rule filters can't be adjusted for custom query, indicator match, and new term rules using data views  
```

[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> When setting up a new custom query rule, indicator match rule, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 

Reviewer: @e40pud is it only on rule creation?

Reviewer 2: Nope, rule editing is affected as well.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating or editing a custom query rule, indicator match rule, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 
```

> When creating or editing a custom query, indicator match, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 

Author: ```suggestion
When creating or editing a custom query, indicator match, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or removed) if the rule queries a data view. 
```

> When creating or editing a custom query rule, indicator match rule, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 

Author: ```suggestion
When creating or editing a custom query, indicator match, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 
```

[[release-notes-8.12.1]]
=== 8.12.1

[discrete]
[[known-issue-8.12.1]]
==== Known issues
// tag::known-issue-178207[]
[discrete]

> .Rule filters can't be adjusted for certain rule types that are using data views  

Author: ```suggestion
.Rule filters can't be adjusted for custom query, indicator match, and new term rules using data views  
```

[%collapsible]
====
*Details* +

> When setting up a new custom query rule, indicator match rule, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 

Author: ```suggestion
When creating or editing a custom query, indicator match, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 
```

> When creating or editing a custom query, indicator match, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or deleted) if the rule queries a data view. 

Author: ```suggestion
When creating or editing a custom query, indicator match, or new term rule, query filters can't be modified (added, edited, or removed) if the rule queries a data view. 
```
